The free software and open source software are different in a way that free software exist to protect user’s rights and freedom 
(to copy, use, modify, redistribute), to help not only individual but also the community for sharing and cooperation. Open source 
is making free software into a business model which would make it profitable, at the expense of freedom and right. The difference 
comes with a simple core value; which do you care, freedom or software? They are similar in a way that random people participate to 
make a software, but the core value and goal seems very different from one another. All free software qualifies as open source software 
but not all open source software qualifies as free software as certain software might have too much restrictive license as it could be 
considered nonfree software or when users cannot install different executables, called tivoization. As for understanding both definitions, 
I believe it is a difficult task. Firstly, those terms are used wrongfully by different factions stretching the definition it does not 
hold, and the original definition itself is not crystal clear. The “’free speech’ not ‘free bear’” is not exactly clear, especially for 
foreigners. 

The Cathedral model is where you have a small number of developers working on a software in closed environment much like the conventional 
software company method while the Bazaar method is essentially a modern-day open source program where you have contributors outside who is
interested in the software working on bugs and presenting ideas for software to improve. Naturally, the paper put emphasis on the bazaar
model which is flexible, and user driven compared to the cathedral model. It seems like there were some indication that bazaar method would
cause delay and confusion, such as Brook’s law, but turns out bazaar model was much more efficient, especially at debugging and overall 
progress. One thing that stood out to me was the different view on the bugs and development problems. Where cathedral model saw it as a 
serious problem potentially taking months to solve, bazaar model saw it as a simple problem to fix with hundreds of developers available. 
It did sound too good for bazaar model but it seems to have a point. 

To me, lesson 8 and 18 was the ones that I remember. Lesson 8 to me is a summary of major part of buzaar model as it was successful with 
the huge number of contributors giving ideas and working on bugs which made Linux so successful. Lesson is 6 close as well but to me, 
lesson 8 was the one I liked. Lesson 18 is an advice I need right now, as I need to work on scikit learn. I need to learn the structure 
of the code and figure out what I can do. However, to do that, I need to first use and understand what it does and find interesting part 
of scikit learn. Then I can investigate structures and codes. There were other interesting lessons as well but these were the one that 
stood out for me.

Now to the team project. I had some difficulty installing the developer environment, but I was able to install it in the end. I have to 
say the installation explanation is quite vague and up to the user to interpret so one possible contribution is clean up the installation 
website for future users to not have confusion like I did. (This would be their official website not on github but to me this is the 
‘interesting problem’ right now #lesson18) I learned what scikit was about, data mining and data analysis tool and I’m trying to get 
used to the software by using it. We’re still trying to find an issue to work from our potential issues, but I think we’ll be able to 
figure it out soon. 
