I believe makeing social/humanitarian porject open source is definately beneficial than closed project. This is not a project inteneded to make profit, so there would be less complication to get contribution from people. People will come with good intent which would minimize any potential conflict as their intent trying to contribute to the project is positive and voluntary. Openeing project with generally good intent for the society usually bring lot of motivated people as they beleive they are doing good. I believe it will be easier to get involved than other project due to its positive atmosphere created by the people. I believe the proejct will be relativeny open and welcoming to everyone. And people contributing to such project will be viewed as a contributor will a good heart due to the project's nature. It will benefit the contributor without a doubt. As I said in previous blog, I have huge interest in humanitarian open source project and even if I can't find one for the class group porject, I will look for hummanitarian project I could contribute in the future. 






Humanitarian/social good project: Ushahidi
## Finding info about contributing on the website.

In the following section you should only enter the information that you
found on the project website. Some of the answers will be impossible to find, others
may be very hard to find. Do not _google_ for answers.

__Project website:__ https://www.ushahidi.com/


__What is the purpose of the project:__ The project is to collect data and stories from differnt people through media to share information


__How easy was it to find information about contributing on the website?__ very easy to access


__Contributing instructions:__ There are different instruction on reoprting bug, sumbit patch, new feature suggestion.

__URL for the code repository:__https://github.com/ushahidi/Ushahidi_Web

__Bug/Issue tracker link:__https://github.com/ushahidi/Ushahidi_Web/issues

__Mailing list:__ info@ushahidi.com

---

## Finding info at the project repository and bug/issue tracker.

__License:__  GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE

__Is it [OSI approved](https://opensource.org/licenses/alphabetical) license:__ yes 

__Programming Language:__ PHP 

__URL for contributing instructions:__ https://github.com/ushahidi/Ushahidi_Web/blob/develop/CONTRIBUTING.md

__Are the contributing instructions clear?__ yes

__URL for instructions for users to download and install the package:__ It is in the README file


__Are these instructions clear? Do you think they would be easy to follow?__ yes


__Number of contributors:__ 56


__Usernames of three contributors with largest number of commits; for
each of them list the link to their latest commit__:

1.rjmackay  
2.brainherbert
3.dkobia 


__Number of commits:__4458

__Latest commit__May 4 2015

- __link to the commit:__https://github.com/ushahidi/Ushahidi_Web/commits/develop

- __who made that commit:__brianherbert

- __what type of work was commited?__ fix bug 


__Issues__

- __how many open issues are there:__235

    - __url for the last issue created:__https://github.com/ushahidi/Ushahidi_Web/issues/1478

    - __how many users discuss the issue:__0
    
    - __when was the issue reported:__Jan 15 2019
    

- __how many closed issues are there:__1006
    - __url for the last issue closed:__https://github.com/ushahidi/Ushahidi_Web/issues/1453
    - __how many users discussed the issue:__2
    - __when was the issue reported:__Sep 19 1016
    - __when was the issue closed:__Sep 10 2016

- __how active is the discussion on the issues:__ seems the issue page is inactive, as in there is no response for issues posted.

- __are there issues marked "good for newbies", "beginner" or some other indicators that imply that they are good for beginner contributors:__no
    
    - __look at a few of them, do they look beginner friendly?__ lot of the issues are program not working

__Pull requests__

- __how many open pull requests are there:__21

    - __url for the last pull request created:__https://github.com/ushahidi/Ushahidi_Web/pull/1466
    
    - __when was the last pull request made:__May 13 1017

    - __url for the oldest pull request created:__https://github.com/ushahidi/Ushahidi_Web/pull/1190
    
    - __when was the oldest pull request made:__Aug 12 2013

- __how many closed pull requests are there:__219

    - __url for the last pull request closed:__https://github.com/ushahidi/Ushahidi_Web/pull/1431
    
    - __how many users discussed the pull request:__2
    
    - __when was the pull request made:__Apr 22 2015
    
    - __when was the pull request closed:__Apr 23 2015
    

- __do maintainers respond quickly to pull requests when they are opened?__ seems like the project is inactive 





---


## Summary assesment
__How friendly is this project for beginner contributors?__I do not think this project is for beginners.


__Do the maintainers respond helpfully to questions in issues?__This project seem finished and issues and pull request has been not responded for some time 


__Are people friendly in the issues, discussion forum, and chat (for example, IRC or Slack)?__Their forum site seem to be still active



__Do pull requests get reviewed?__Not in last year or two.



__Do maintainers thank people for their contributions?__They did while the project was active during 2015~2016.
