“When your language is nowhere near Truing-complete, syntactic sugar can be your friend”
This was one of the lessons our group discussed this week. The statement itself was a bit confusing to us, especially the term Turing 
complete, but we concluded that when people try to use a programming language, people tend to use a language that is closer to human 
language. For example, python syntax is easier to understand than java or C language. We did find out that most programming language 
are Turing complete, so the example we talked about is technically not accurate. However, I believe the message is people tend to favor 
language that is easier to use even if it isn’t the most efficient and we understood what the author wanted to talk about.

“Often, the most striking and innovative solutions come from realizing that your concept of the problem was wrong.”
Whenever I do my coding homework, I experience that phenomenon every time. When I write a program, I brainstorm to understand the input, 
output, process and the variables that can alter the outcome. Then I try to draw the whole program in my head and design a basic structure 
to work upon. Then soon I get stuck with some operation and I sit there for hours trying to figure out the issue. After frustration and
headache, I take a break to clear my head and come back. Then I see that the way I saw the issue was wrong. I was trying to fix one 
part of the program the whole time while it was some other part that was causing the issue. I experience these kinds of revelation once 
or twice on average per project and once these are resolved, rest falls in nicely. My example is small compared to what others would use 
but it still resonated well for me.

“Smart data structures and dumb code works a lot better than the other way around.”
I think this is very important to a programmer. As I learn to write bigger program, it becomes harder and harder to keep track of what you 
wrote. The lesson talks about data structure but I thought of it as the whole mapping of the program. Data structure is part of the map. 
It is like constructing a building. You need a whole design mapped out to build the foundation and up. I believe program is similar. You 
need to draw the whole process out and separate tasks. That way you can keep track of your code efficient and easier for others to 
understand. One could write a good code with fast outcome or shorter runtime. But if its written all in one or it is unreadable to others, 
I believe it is not a great code. It would be better to have less efficient code but well structured in a way others can understand and 
improve upon.

This week we started to work on some documentation on scikit-learn website. On the glossary, there are several terms that are not defined 
and written TODO. We each decided to work on one term and I worked on density estimator. Through this activity I was able to have more 
understanding on the function of scikit learn and its diverse method of interpreting data. Next week we are going to get together to find 
a new issue to work on.
