---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---




We changed our team project from counting unique page visited during a session to putting seasonal theme gif on website. On the questionnaire I filled out, i put 0 on javascript so this was very difficult task. This was the first time wokring on javascript or any other language related to the web. I took some online course on lynda.com to compensate my lack of skill but it wasn't enough to fill the gap. I tried to be help by writing code of conduct and simple editing but I was careful with the codes teammates wrote. I tried to write a code using CSS and JS together. I wanted to use CSS to put gif on the background of website, use JS to figure out the season through the laptop date and change the variable on CSS as necessary. But I was not able to make them interact so I put them on a separate branch.

We changed and scaled down our idea to make a somewhat functioning extension. We had a lot in mind, but as we progressed, we had to scale down majoirty of our idea. However, we ended up with a working extension and for me, that is a huge progress for me. Major problem for me was the lack of knowledge on web program languageas not only learning one language but also try to learn three and make them work together. I believe we will have a basic extension by due date. 

The exercise we did on Thrusday was all new to me. It helped me understand some of the conecepts github has and its functions. Class focused on hands on exercise rather than presentation and I think it was a great approach for me. I basically learned how to fork a repository, copy it to my laptop, make change, and alter the original repository and the fork. It was a lot and I will need to practice more. 


