We were finally able to meet Kevin Fleming after his recovery from his unfortunated accident. He seem to recover just fine,
with the help of his wife by his side no doubt. I heard about Bloomsberg and their role in finance world with their fancy terminal
serving as a critical role. It was interesting to hear about how the U.K. was not able to sell their bond due to bloomsberg terminal 
crash. It was surely something to boast about, how a country was dependent on bloomsberg terminal in order to proceed a transaction,
but It came to me as very dangerous message as how bloomberg would potentially cause worldwide financial diaster. 

The terminal itself was truly interesting as it was able to not only read charted graphs but also data from articles by translating 
raw data to information. To be able to read article and news and analyze data is something special as news are written in human language; 
It is meant for human to read and understand, not computer. However, thanks to machine learning and other software, computer can read 
information out of anything nowadays. That technology is very interesting to me. He talked about all the open source project bloomberg 
contributed, how the company started from simple automation to machine learning and more. Bloombeg's approach could be a good example how
corporate can contribute and use open source in a proper way.

Our team was able send the first pull request on the documentation we worked on. Hopefully we get a positive feedback so we could improve
the work we did or who knows, they might like it enough to just accept the pull request. I was able to learn different types of data analysis.
The documentation that I worked on was density estimator which taught me one of many methods scikit-learn has. We wil gather to find next task coming monday.
