blog about your personal progress towards the team project: what have you done, what did you learn, what are the tasks that you will be working on next week

The porject I decided to take part on is the scikit learn which is a python based machine learning project. So far I tried to learn about 
the usage of scikit and what it does. As a classmate said, it is much easier to contribute if you used the program and know its purpose.
Machine language is something that is a topic that has been popular for some time and a very complicated topic. Scikit learn is to analyze
huge chunks of data and data mine at a scale I have not tried before. This is somewhat overwhelming while I beleive this is a great opportunity
to learn. As far as contributing, I do not believe I will be able to jump into any code base issues, as I am yet to fully understand the structure
of scikit or how the whole program work as it is humongous. There were some document based issues so I will try to look into those as a start.
Hopefully work on code base as I gradually have more knowledge about scikit learn.

blog about your take on Wikipedia and other projects like that:
from your own point of view, what kind of people contribute to Wikipedia
I believe all kinds of people, whether one is aware or into open source or not, would contribute to wikipedia. Wikipedia is so well known 
and widely used, everyone knows what it is. And if one sees misinformtation or broken page, anyone with some initiative would try to fix it.
I believe the motivation to contribute to wikipedia is quite strong as wikipedia is used by everyone for free, so people contributing to 
wikipedia would feel like they are doing a voluntary serive for the world, which if anything, sounds good. I believe a lot of people contrbuting
to wikipedia wouldn't necessarily know about open source and contribute because it is so well known.

do you think you might one day become a regular contributor
The concept of open source is still new to me. However, I can see how I would start having fun contributing and making this a daily hobby,
wondering wikipedia to see if there's anything needed to be fixed and work on one or two per day. Wikipeida has all kinds of topics and 
knowledge, I believe it won't be hard to find topics that I like and be part of the community.

how will you select the articles to contribute as part of the required contributions for this class?
I believe going into wikipedia and searching for topics of my interest would be a good start. As a international student, working on
translating certain topics I like, making sure the link to websites are accurate, or even supplement information which would be great.
I would like to look at topics relating to South Korea and see if its properly represented to the world because when I go to numerous 
sites, I rarely find Korean translation which gives me the impression that there aren't as much people using Korean on the web. So 
I want to see if wikipedia's content relating to Korea is proper. 

watch and comment of the TED talk that Jimmy Wale
thoughfull vs jerks 
vandalism
quality control 
neutral point of view policy 
real time peer review 
tight community 600~1000
benevolent dictator model
The video gave me a short and clear understanding of wikipeida(at least in 2005) and I believe the idea of managing quality control in
wikipedia seem to remain strong. I do not use wikipedia as much as others would so I do not know if there were any significant change
but I do know Jimmy Wale is still part of wikipeidia so I assume his ideology stand strong within the organization. I believe his struggle 
of quality control over free software ,now called open source project in many other project and wikipedia is still called free software, is 
still relavent to present and used commonly. It seem like Jimmy Wale had a solid foundation for policy on running open source software
and we still use it to this date.
