---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---


Until I took the class, I barely heard the term open source. I basically knew nothing about open source. After taking a week of class, I am starting to grasp the conecept and its properties. To me, open source sounds like a very free felxible term where majority of things are up to the people. It seemed that there was no official rule set by authority and much was decided by the people participating. However, as open source grew and became promient, certain rules and restriction was needed for open source to have proper foundation. I thought open source as business model was very much impossible as I believed open source was non paid work either done by voluntary or inidiviual ambition. Such motivation cannot long last as closed source where ceratin people are designated to work and get paid usually by companies.However, it turns out open source is a viable buisness model and growing evey year. I believe advantage of open source is the flexibility and openness to people. The term 'more the marrier' would fit in this situation as multiple perspective and bring new ideas and improve the project. However, the problem would be to maintain sustainable participation of the organization as there is no obligation for people to work on open source project once they lose motivation. I signed up for the course because I wanted to learn practical skills in computer science. Most of the computer science class I took are theoretical. They are interesting and fun to learn, but I realized they are little help to me when I have to look for jobs. I am already a junior and international student which makes finding job very difficult. That is why I applied for a class that seem practical and helpful for my future.

As I am not familiar with open source, I do not believe I use much of open source program or to even properly distinguish them. I looked up the programs I use and they all seem to be closed source. So I'd like to talk about some closed source program I use which could be changed to open source program. First is the acrboat reader I use for PDF. I learned that firefox provides PDF reader and for editing, inkspace is a good tool. I use foobar2000 as a music player in my laptop and one of the open source multimedia platform is VCL media player. I am using sublime text for wiritng code but I found that there is open source text editor called atom which I am planning to try. Through this course, I believe I will find multiple useful open source program which will be useful to me and by end of the semseter, I will have my top 4 open source program I use.

The easiest way to make your first post is to edit this one. 
Go into /_posts/ and update the 2018-01-28-week01.md file. 
