The short presentation we got on Wednesday, really short due to unfortunate delay, showed me more about Christos Bacharakis than anything 
else. It was unfortunate that he did not have enough time to go over mozilla and opensource as much but his history revealed lot of open 
source element that I did not know before. I did not know there were something like computer skill competition or a huge gathering for 
opensource anually, beinging thousands of people to work together. This showed how little I know not only about open source but computer 
related community as a whole and that being in touch with a community at young age is important to build network and be part of it.
In that aspect, I was able to realize even more that I have so much to catch up to be part of a community. We had short presentation of 
mozilla and its mission. The company seem to run with minimal staff and huge part of company's work was dependent on communities outside 
mozilla. The mission statement seem pure and striaght, making web for everyone which was admirable. I did not know any of this before, 
and it made me consider to pay much more attention to mozilla and its program and to use firefox. 

The openMRS opne source project uses Mozilla Public License, version 2.0 which pretty much allows individual to do whatever one wants.
Individual can use software for commercial use, modify and distribute the software, and can grant license to the software. All you have 
to do is to include copyright and license, metion the change made in the software, and access to the original software. It seems really
open and free software. 

Installing openmrs was a bit challenging to me. I had to make sure i had java JDK available and install mavern to run the program. I have 
heard about those software from other people before whe they were talking about a porject they were working on, but it was new for me to 
actually download and run it in my laptop. The installation is taking some time mainly finding what to do: what to download, where to put certain
files, setting up path on evironment, and knowing where to put certain command line for the programs to work. The instruction on the gihub 
was straighforward and had link to websites for mavern telling me how to download and install, though I ended up finding other website 
with more detailed instrcution for first timers. However, I am still having trouble generating application despite completing the prerequisite.
I went to the site they put but last comment was made in 2013. 
